README.md, before:

# Nautilus
[![Pipeline status](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/nautilus/badges/master/build.svg)](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/nautilus/commits/master)
[![Code coverage](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/nautilus/badges/master/coverage.svg)](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/nautilus/commits/master)



This is [Nautilus](https://wiki.gnome.org/Apps/Nautilus), the file manager for
GNOME.

## Supported version
Only latest Nautilus version 3.30 as provided upstream is supported. Try out the [Flatpak nightly](https://wiki.gnome.org/Apps/Nightly) installation before filling issues to ensure the installation is reproducible and doesn't have downstream changes on it. In case you cannnot reproduce in the nightly installation, don't hesitate to file an issue in your distribution. This is to ensure the issue is well triaged and reaches the proper people.

## Hacking on Nautilus

To build the development version of Nautilus and hack on the code
see the [general guide](https://wiki.gnome.org/Newcomers/BuildProject)
for building GNOME apps with Flatpak and GNOME Builder.

# Runtime dependencies
- [Bubblewrap](https://github.com/projectatomic/bubblewrap) installed. Used for security reasons.
- [Tracker (including tracker-miners)](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/tracker) properly set up and with all features enabled. Used for fast search and metadata extraction, starred files and batch renaming.

## Mailing List

The nautilus mailing list is nautilus-list@gnome.org. Read the [subscription
information](https://mail.gnome.org/mailman/listinfo/nautilus-list) for more.

## How to report issues

Report issues to the GNOME [issue tracking system](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/nautilus/issues).

Commit message:

README: Update to 3.32 and move to Discourse
See https://mail.gnome.org/archives/nautilus-list/2019-March/msg00000.html

README.md, after:

# Nautilus
[![Pipeline status](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/nautilus/badges/master/build.svg)](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/nautilus/commits/master)
[![Code coverage](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/nautilus/badges/master/coverage.svg)](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/nautilus/commits/master)



This is [Nautilus](https://wiki.gnome.org/Apps/Nautilus), the file manager for
GNOME.

## Supported version
Only latest Nautilus version 3.32 as provided upstream is supported. Try out the [Flatpak nightly](https://wiki.gnome.org/Apps/Nightly) installation before filling issues to ensure the installation is reproducible and doesn't have downstream changes on it. In case you cannnot reproduce in the nightly installation, don't hesitate to file an issue in your distribution. This is to ensure the issue is well triaged and reaches the proper people.

## Hacking on Nautilus

To build the development version of Nautilus and hack on the code
see the [general guide](https://wiki.gnome.org/Newcomers/BuildProject)
for building GNOME apps with Flatpak and GNOME Builder.

# Runtime dependencies
- [Bubblewrap](https://github.com/projectatomic/bubblewrap) installed. Used for security reasons.
- [Tracker (including tracker-miners)](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/tracker) properly set up and with all features enabled. Used for fast search and metadata extraction, starred files and batch renaming.

## Discourse

For more informal discussion we use [GNOME Discourse](https://discourse.gnome.org/tags/nautilus) in the Applications category with the nautilus tag. Freel free to open a topic there.

## How to report issues

Report issues to the GNOME [issue tracking system](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/nautilus/issues).
