.gitlab/issue_templates/Bug.md, before:

<!--
Please test if the issue has already been fixed by installing the latest testing version.
It can be installed alongside the regular version with these instructions:

1. Make sure that Flatpak is installed (see https://flatpak.org/setup )

2. Copy and run the following command in the Terminal or Console app:
   flatpak install --from https://nightly.gnome.org/repo/appstream/org.gnome.NautilusDevel.flatpakref

3. Launch the development version (normal Files logo with yellow and black stripes), e.g. with:
   flatpak run org.gnome.NautilusDevel
-->

# Affected Version
- Version: <!-- Note: Versions older than a year are not supported. -->
- Distribution: <!-- Example: Ubuntu 23.10 -->
- Happens with development Flatpak: Yes / No

# Steps to reproduce <!-- Explain in detail how the issue can be reproduced. -->
1.
2.
3.

# Expected Behavior


# Actual Behavior


# Additional Information
<!--
If the issue is a crash, please provide a stack trace by following the steps in:
https://wiki.gnome.org/Community/GettingInTouch/Bugzilla/GettingTraces
-->

Commit message:

issue_templates: Don't discourage filing issues
Based on feedback by @mcatanzaro on #gnome-design, the current issue templates may discourage filing issue templates when the bug is already fixed in main, even if it's affecting the supported stable versions.

What we want to know is whether it's happening in main or not.
Also, in order to use consistent language across the template text, converge on "latest development version".

.gitlab/issue_templates/Bug.md, after:

<!--
It's very helpful to know if the bug also happens in the latest development version.
It can be installed alongside the regular version with these instructions:

1. Make sure that Flatpak is installed (see https://flatpak.org/setup )

2. Copy and run the following command in the Terminal or Console app:
   flatpak install --from https://nightly.gnome.org/repo/appstream/org.gnome.NautilusDevel.flatpakref

3. Launch the development version (normal Files logo with yellow and black stripes), e.g. with:
   flatpak run org.gnome.NautilusDevel
-->

# Affected Version
- Version: <!-- Note: Versions older than a year are not supported. -->
- Distribution: <!-- Example: Ubuntu 23.10 -->
- Also happens with development version: Yes / No

# Steps to reproduce <!-- Explain in detail how the issue can be reproduced. -->
1.
2.
3.

# Expected Behavior


# Actual Behavior


# Additional Information
<!--
If the issue is a crash, please provide a stack trace by following the steps in:
https://wiki.gnome.org/Community/GettingInTouch/Bugzilla/GettingTraces
-->
