.gitlab/issue_templates/Shortcoming.md, before:

<!--
    Please test if the shortcoming is overcome in the Nightly version already

    You can install the Nightly version in parallel with the regular version with these instructions:

    1. Make sure that Flatpak is installed (see https://flatpak.org/setup )
    2. Copy and run the following command in a Terminal:

    flatpak install --from https://nightly.gnome.org/repo/appstream/org.gnome.NautilusDevel.flatpakref

    3) The Nightly version can now be launched from Activities, or with this command: flatpak run org.gnome.NautilusDevel
-->

# Affected version
- Nightly flatpak: Yes / No / Can't test it because <!-- Delete the unwanted answers -->
- Other: <!-- Write the distribution you’re using and the version of the app. -->

### Use cases
<!-- Describe concrete situations in which this application isn't helpful enough.
     Focus is on the end goal, not the means to get there. 
     Don't forget to mention any applicable requirements or constraints.
     Examples from your daily usage are the most useful. -->

### Available features and workarounds
<!-- How do you manage to achieve your goals with the current version of the application? -->

### Difficulties and insufficiencies
<!-- Why is the current experience unsatisfying? -->

### Suggested enhancements
<!-- Optionally . -->

Commit message:

issue_templates: shorten texts
Reduce the Gitlab template text lengths, so reporters are less likely to
skip them completely.

.gitlab/issue_templates/Shortcoming.md, after:

<!--
Please test if the issue has already been fixed by installing the latest testing version.
It can be installed alongside the regular version with these instructions:

1. Make sure that Flatpak is installed (see https://flatpak.org/setup )

2. Copy and run the following command in the Terminal or Console app:
   flatpak install --from https://nightly.gnome.org/repo/appstream/org.gnome.NautilusDevel.flatpakref

3. Launch the development version (normal Files logo with yellow and black stripes), e.g. with:
   flatpak run org.gnome.NautilusDevel
-->

# Affected Version
- Version: <!-- Note: Versions older than a year are not supported. -->
- Distribution: <!-- Example: Ubuntu 23.10 -->
- Happens with development Flatpak: Yes / No

### Use Cases
<!--
Describe concrete situations, from daily usage, in which this app isn't helpful enough.
Focus on what you want to do, not how it should be done, but do mention possible constraints.
-->

### Available Workarounds <!-- Can the goal be achieved with the current app version? -->


### Difficulties <!-- Why is the current experience unsatisfying? -->


### Suggested Enhancements <!-- Optional - the other sections are more important. -->
