.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH nautilus-file-management-properties 1 "05 Jan 2008"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
nautilus-file-management-properties \- File Management Preferences
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B nautilus-file-management-properties
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page documents briefly the
.B nautilus-file-management-properties
command.
.PP
File Management Preferences allows an user to configure the way nautilus looks.
.PP
You can specify a default view, and select sort options and display options.
You can also specify default settings for icon views and list views.
.SH OPTIONS
Nautilus follows the usual GNU command line syntax, with long options starting
with two dashes (`-'). A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-\-help
Show a summary of options.
.TP
.B \-\-version
Show version.
.TP
Other standard GNOME options not listed here are also supported.
.SH SEE ALSO
File Management Preferences documentation can be found from the "Help" menu, or by pressing the
F1 key. Nautilus also has a website at http://www.gnome.org/projects/nautilus/
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Julian Andres Klode <jak@jak-linux.org> for the
Debian GNU/Linux system (but may be used by others), based on a manpage by
Fernando Ribeiro <fernando@staff.nerdgroup.org>.
